---
layout: post
title:  "My first day of sailing"
date:   2010-04-11 16:04:10
categories: blog
tags: sailing, personal
---

But it isn't my last day of sailing. Today turned out to be a gorgeous spring day. My husband, Dan and I recently joined a sailing club in Kirkland, WA. I have only been out sailing a couple of times but Dan used to teach sailing and race sailboats back in college. Since I've known him, he hasn't done a lot of sailing - but about a month ago he has decided to spend a lot more time sailing.

So today was the first time he took me sailing. I started out not sure of what to expect. I had started reading, *It's Your Boat Too: A Woman's Guide to Greater Enjoyment on the Water*
- a guide for women on boats. But that didn't really prepare me for what it is really like to sail. We got on the boat and Dan explained some things about raising sails, etc (which didn't make a lot of sense - I'm more of a hands on learner). And then we started out from the dock.

We were in a Catalina 22 - a small boat, but was a lot of fun. I was in charge of raising the sails (although Dan had to help - since I wasn't very quick). We 'heeled' over a lot further than I expected. So I was a little worried about falling into the water, when I had to switch sides to tack. I started getting more comfortable after the first hour.

It was great to see Dan's enthusiasm for sharing his love of sailing with me. I look forward to going out sailing (and learning how to sail) over the next couple of months and through the summer!
